♪ Time on my heels ♪
♪ Could be time spent
with you ♪
Hmm.
♪ I guess that's why
they call it the blues ♪
That'll teach you for betting
against my Knights. Doctor.
Well. I'm a die-hard
Sharks fan.
Some folks never learn.
Anyways. thanks for the coffee.
Sure.
Also. I think I left my...
ID badge?
Cleaning crew found it
inside the elevator.
Thanks.
Been looking for it
all morning.
So...
how's it fit?
Uh...
perfectly. I guess.
I feel like Rainbow Brite.
Okay. Okay. yeah.
No. I see that. I see that.
But I just figured. you know.
since you can control
all the wavelengths
in the spectrum.
why not have
the groovy threads to match. right?
Oh. my God. You hate it.
Yes. and--and I'm sorry.
'cause I know
how hard you worked on this
and that you're just trying
to protect my identity.
which I really appreciate.
How about just the mask?
Chuck.
I just want to be myself
and feel comfortable doing it.
Yeah.
And I--I just...
I just want you to be happy.
So go on. give it back.
I'll find a way to recycle
these materials somehow.
You know. um.
Cecile is away
with Joe and Jenna.
Mm-hmm.
Do you want to come over
to the house
and help me take this off?
Yeah.
Yams are ready!
Babe. you know
you do not have to make
an entire feast for me
every time I come home
for the weekend.
I don't have to.
but I want to.
Oh. I mean. if you want to.
If you insist.
It feels so good to be home.
Oh. new place ain't so bad.
No. it's not about that.
It's not about the place.
It's you.
It's you and Jenna.
You're my home.
And these weekends.
they mean everything.
In that case.
maybe you want to hang
a little longer.
maybe go to the office late
on Monday?
Mm. is that why
I'm sensing you
singing the blues inside?
Hey.
I am so proud of the hero
you've become.
This place that we've built
out here--
honestly. I feel like
I'm the luckiest person
in the world.
We both are.
Mm.
I'm gonna go get
our little munchkin.
- Mm.
- Jenna!
It's lunchtime. sweetie!
Hello. Laverne.
Kalil. Jean-Paul.
everyone else.
Dear sisters
Caitlin and Frost...
you won't believe
what happened today.
The journey I've been on
for the last nine months
keeps bearing fruit
in wonderful ways.
Like this morning.
I refroze lake Whittier
for a group of schoolkids
on an ice skating trip.
Frost. I know
you'd have done the same.
And Caitlin.
A.R.G.U.S. has been helping me
catalog my new powers.
which is good.
because every day.
another new ability crops up.
There's just one person
I wish I could talk to
about all this.
So wherever you are. Mark.
I hope you're okay.
Since when do you do things
last-minute?
I thought you'd be happy.
I'm just--I'm trying to live
in the moment.
Well. speaking of.
can I please give birth
right now?
Seriously. I am so ready
to drink wine again.
Any day now.
You got this.
So what's up
with the tiny tech?
I'm baby-proofing the loft
with proximity-based
meta dampeners.
You're dampening our kid?
I just--you know.
what if Nora
accidentally uses her speed
and gets hurt?
Oh. yeah.
Oh. God.
My back is killing me.
Oh. my gosh.
- What?
My article.
"Nightmare Under Red Skies."
has been nominated
for a Pulitzer.
- It happened?
- Yeah.
Iris...
I'm so proud of you.
And remember.
even though
we knew this was coming.
you earned this.
- I'm gonna call my dad.
- All right.
I'm gonna finish
installing these.
Ahh! Ah!
- What is it?
I don't know. I--
Barry!
Ahh!
No...
2000.
What did I do this time?
Time to go home.
How the hell
do I get out of here now?
Yeah.
Okay.
Where are the...
Can I help you?
Captain Singh.
Uh. it's Detective.
Do I know you?
No. No.
I just--
I call everyone Captain.
So I--hey. Captain.
Morning. Cap.
It's a weird thing I have.
I'm looking for Joe West.
I'm an old family friend.
Okay.
Yeah. West is right back there.
- Thanks.
- All right.
Love the hair.
Excuse me. Officer West.
I need your help.
Okay.
Have a seat.
So what seems to be
the trouble. Mister...
I can't tell you my name.
And I know
what you're thinking.
Then you know
I need to see ID first.
I'm stranded
very far away from home
with no way to get back
on my own.
So you need a bus ticket?
No. I...
I need your help
to find Dr. Tina McGee.
She's the one person
that can help
with my specific problem.
She's not listed
in the phone book.
I need you to use
the C-NET database
to get me her address.
I'm supposed to do what?
Oh. right.
That system's still
two years away.
Um. you can check
the city registry.
I know you can access those.
How do you know that?
I'm sorry. kid.
but you walked in here
asking me
for contact information
for a private citizen.
And you won't even tell me
your name?
I told you. I can't.
I--okay. Look. I'm sorry.
I just--if I do or say
the wrong thing...
everything could change.
Officer. I--
people have told me
if I'm ever in trouble.
there's one person
I can turn to:
Joe West.
Now. look. I--I know
you've got no reason
to trust me.
but I'm asking you to.
Please.
Well...
my gut says
you're a good person
who's going through
something bad.
so I'm going to help.
But now that I'm trusting you.
I need to know the truth.
Who are you?
Okay.
My name is...
No!
I have to go.
Hold on.
- Come on.
- Hello?
Professor Stein.
Um. you don't know me yet.
but um. I need you to listen.
Who is this?
My name's Barry Allen.
I'm from the future.
and I need your help.
Pranking a physics expert
with time travel.
Who put you up to this?
- No one.
Look. I swear
I'm telling the truth.
I know about your research
into quantum anomalies.
I'm hanging up.
Have a nice day.
Henry!
My goodness.
Henry. he looks
just like my father.
Call 911.
No. No. no.
I can't be here.
Easy. I'm Dr. Allen.
Whoa. now!
You're gonna be in
a lot of pain.
Where are my clothes?
They're in the cabinet
in a bag. but listen.
You need to stay put
so we can examine you.
Thank goodness you're okay.
Oh. sorry.
This is. uh. my wife. Nora.
- Hi.
- She was with me
at the scene of the accident.
- Mm.
What's your name?
I--when we found you.
you didn't have any ID on you.
Bart.
Bart. is there someone
that we can call for you?
Family member. friend?
Uh. no.
I appreciate all this.
I can't be here.
I mean.
you don't have to tell us
anything you don't want to.
Just know that right now.
in this moment.
you're not alone.
Mm-hmm.
Let us help you. son.
What? Oh. whoa. I got you.
Sorry. I just--
I've been running a lot.
I just--my blood sugar
is just really low.
Does this hurt?
Huh? That hurt?
- Henry.
- I'm fine.
- Henry. the boy needs to eat.
What about Zatara's?
Well. they do have
the best pizza in town.
So how about it? Our treat.
They make a killer
New York slice.
You're starving.
Let us feed you.
I really. really shouldn't.
And I won't take no
for an answer.
You're fighting
a losing game. kid.
West.
Thought this was a hit-and-run.
Well. it turns out
the car never hit anyone.
David. we're missing something.
The kid who got hurt...
- Hmm?
He was snooping around CCPD
this morning.
So... I mean.
what's the connection?
I don't know. but whatever
he was running from
got him terrified.
and my gut is telling me
that he needs our help.
All right.
I'll get the others
up to speed.
Joe...
What in the world?
Joe.
You all right?
Yeah. Never better.
I can't thank you enough.
Your son is very lucky
to have such amazing parents.
And what about your folks?
Where are they?
They died.
Oh.
- I am so sorry.
- No.
It's. um...
it was a long time ago.
Although. sometimes it hurts
like it happened yesterday.
I guess I'm still trying
to run away from all of it.
Bart. no one is fast enough
to run from pain like that.
Bart. do you believe in fate?
Because I do.
That's why I believe that
there's a reason that we met.
so that even for one day.
you don't have to go through
all of this alone.
Amen to that.
Do you have someplace
to stay tonight?
You shouldn't be alone.
Of course.
Stay at our house.
What? What is it?
- I'm sorry.
I should--uh. thank you
for--for everything.
Um. it means more to me
than you could ever know.
- I'm sorry.
- No. I--
Bart. wait.
Stay.
- I can't.
Somebody's having a bad day.
Unfortunately...
It's only gonna get worse.
Every time
I think you're gone.
you come back
to destroy my life.
That ends today. Thawne.
Go on!
Do it!
Oh. predictable as always.
Shut up!
So?
What are we doing
in the year 2000?
Cut the crap.
I know you brought me here.
Um. no. I didn't.
Well. then.
I guess that makes our meeting
just a case
of right place. right time. huh?
Oh. Flash...
we are gonna have the most
wonderful day together.
To us.
You're not thirsty. Ah.
Mmm.
Oh. boy. That's good.
You seem tense;
I really think
you should try it.
Why don't you just tell me
what you want.
To enjoy
this very special day.
I mean. maybe this is
some sort of cosmic gift.
the chance to torture you
slowly one last time
before I end your existence entirely.
You're here to kill me
as a child.
You always were smart.
Too bad you're not smart enough
to save yourself this time.
See. there's only two ways
you can stop me tonight.
One is to put me
in Iron Heights right now
and risk destroying
the timeline.
which would wipe
that wonderful wife and family
right from existence
in just a heartbeat.
And the second option?
You have to kill me.
which you won't.
So I guess...
I've already won.
How'd the parental reunion go
today?
Did it feel good
to have them care for you
one last time?
Did you feel loved?
Did you feel like
you had a family?
You attacked me this morning.
You knew they'd help me.
It must hurt
to not be able to tell them
that you're their son.
Tell me. does being
this close to them again
bring back all the pain
I have ever given you?
Good.
If your plan's so perfect.
why are you wasting
so much time?
Why not just wipe me
off the face of the Earth
right now?
And ruin
my pièce de résistance?
No. no. no. no.
I'm going to savor
this entire day
and the peace
that it's brought me.
Now. there's one last thing.
I want to hear you say it. Barry.
Say it.
You win.
I can't stop you.
Delicious.
You can't walk away from
what's about to happen. Barry.
I know.
I can walk towards it.
I can't stop thinking that
we should be out there
looking for him.
I know.
I feel it too.
But we just met the boy.
And you can't give someone help
who doesn't want it.
It's not that
I don't want your help.
We've been worried about you.
Well. that means
the world to me.
especially today.
Ever since they passed.
I've never stopped wondering...
You know. what I would give
to have them back
for just one more day.
And if that happened.
what I would say.
You can tell us.
I'd say...
your love made me who I am.
And despite the darkness.
I still carry your light
inside me every single day.
So will your granddaughter.
I know your parents
would have loved that.
And have no doubt.
whoever they are.
they're proud of you. son.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
I just feel like
maybe we should--
I just--I just want
to talk to him about this.
Bart?
Take care of that little baby.
Barry...
Barry.
It's okay.
It's me.
- Joe?
And I know you've been stuck
here in the past.
Oh. thank God.
I have no idea how I got here.
Relax. son.
Everything's fine now.
- No. it's not.
Look. I can't make contact
with the Speed Force.
And Thawne kills my mom today.
I know.
You okay?
Look. whatever's affecting me.
it could be affecting you also.
Maybe that's why
you're remembering things.
Barry.
I know what happens today...
because I've been
waiting for it
since the dawn of time.
You're not Joe.
Who are you?
What the hell do you want?
To level the playing field
by correcting the imbalance
your legacy created.
Negative Speed Force.
You're the new Avatar?
That's impossible.
Joe doesn't hate me.
No. I'm not the Avatar.
You killed him. remember?
I'm the real deal.
You're going to pay
for what you've done.
You wanna fight me?
Fine. Let Joe go.
I can't.
He's part of the plan.
They all are.
Now shut up and die.
Ahh!
What's happening?
Was that an explosion?
Is my dad safe?
Everyone. please. listen.
We're calling CCPD.
Stay calm.
and we will get everyone
to safety.
I promise. Come.
We have a code green.
Evacuate all patients.
visitors.
and hospital personnel.
in that order.
Understood?
You want to know
what's gonna happen next?
I can tell you.
You're going to experience
a world of pain.
I don't think so.
Ooh.
Is that a threat?
A promise.
I'm not afraid of you. boy.
I'm a force of nature.
But this body?
It's human.
which means
the real Joe West
is still trapped inside.
That's right.
Kill me.
and you kill your own father.
This is useless.
Neither of us can win.
Thawne died.
So can you.
Everyone. keep moving.
Come on. Stay calm.
Who's in charge here?
Dr. Rachel Rosso.
chief of surgery.
Doctor. that felt like
a damn earthquake.
It started
with an electrical surge
throughout the entire building.
Now everything
from heart monitors
to surveillance cameras
are down.
Okay.
We'll help with the evacuation.
Any idea
what could be causing it?
No. but the hospital's
East Wing
is under construction.
I think whatever's happening
may have started there.
Give me that flashlight.
I need you to call for backup.
I'm gonna find out
what's going on.
I need you to get you
and your staff to safety.
Let's get him out of here.
Come on out. son.
'cause no matter where you go
or how fast you run.
I'll always find you.
What's it gonna be?
You gonna come face me here
and now and risk dying?
Or are you gonna run away
to save Mama
and risk losing everything
by altering the timeline.
including little Nora?
CCPD. Show yourself!
Give up and die. boy.
You have no choice.
No.
No. no. no. no.
Joe.
Joe?
You were the chosen one
for nine years.
But tonight.
a new world begins.
Ahh!
CCPD!
Who's up here?
Run. Barry! Run!
Barry!
Run. Barry. run!
You'd actually destroy
an entire timeline
just to save
your own pathetic existence?
No. Thawne.
I'm not here to save myself.
I'm here to save you.
You want to save me.
Is this a joke?
No. I'm serious.
Thawne. do you remember
that day you told me
about 170 years from now.
when you presented yourself
to the world.
finally gained speed
of your own?
Greatest day
of my entire life.
Until now.
Up until that point
in your life. you admired me.
You wanted to be a hero.
And you destroyed
everything I'd worked for.
You saved that crowd.
You took the credit
that I should have had.
I know.
And I'm sorry.
Is that what this is all about.
making amends
for ruining my life?
Well. it's too late.
No. it doesn't have to be.
You can still have
a better life.
the life you once saw
for yourself.
Don't you see?
All we do
is cause each other pain.
But tonight.
you can change all that
if you just walk away.
That's not
what this is about.
You know I win tonight.
That's what this is all about.
You win one battle. Thawne.
not the war between us.
Neither of us could do that.
But if you don't walk away tonight.
you will lose everything.
Liar.
Don't you know who I am?
I have always been the hero.
You're the villain. Flash.
You're the one
who reversed my entire life
and dragged me into hell.
And that's why you die tonight.
by my hand.
Mom!
- Barry. no!
- Mom!
Run!
Mom!
Nora! Hold on!
Run. Barry! Run!
Barry!
No!
Gideon. what's happening to me?
Your ability to move
at super speed
as well as travel in time
has been completely depleted.
How am I supposed
to get back?
You can't.
I don't understand.
You saved yourself
and let me kill her instead.
Why?
I had no choice.
Killing your mother...
it's a fixed point.
You knew this was gonna happen.
And now I'm stuck here
in a hell where
I get to watch you grow up
and become the hero
that I should have been!
I swear...
even if I have to tear
the universe apart.
I will find a way
to destroy you
and everyone you love!
Because
from this moment forward.
my life's work will be
finding ways to kill you.
I know.
And this night tortured me
for decades.
Not anymore.
Because today I got to see
my parents one last time
and feel how much
they loved me.
This is the worst night
of your life.
I know it.
And today brought me
the peace
I've been looking for
ever since.
I have you to thank for that. Eobard.
and I'll always be grateful.
No!
♪ I guess
that's why they call it ♪
♪ The blues ♪
♪ Time on my hands ♪
♪ Could be time spent
with you ♪
Great.
That's the last thing
I need on a deadline.
That's impossible.
Who the hell is Eddie Thawne?
Greg. move your head.